Is it time for you to keep your promise now?
Hey, don't be deceived by him.
Lin Wenwen is a liar
Yaozu
What do you mean by that?
IF
If Wenwen is not a national escort
How could his grades be blocked?
Village Chief, I just checked online
Olympic trials coin shielding results
Except for those national escorts
Another is to eat excitement into cheating people
The state in order not to affect the reputation of the country
In order not to affect the Olympic Games
So temporarily put the information of these people
Also kept a secret
During Li Wenwen's tryouts
Did Coach Tang give you any potions?
What else did you say about glucose?
Now that's a stimulant.
It's a stimulant, right, right?
Stimulants oops
A stimulant
Dare to be so arrogant
That is disgusting.
Oh, your name is stable.
Thank you, I thought you had something on you
I thought I misunderstood you
I didn't expect you.
Father is offline, you are still so despicable
Hey village chief
Let's ask him if he's not that kind of child.
Look at your principal's wonderful daughter
It just disgraced our Lin family
Just go out and sell it
He also stole blood capital
Still sitting on the important iron mountain of the Olympic Games
How capable are you?
The faces of our neighbors
It's all lost by you
I didn't enforce the boundary.
I didn't get caught cheating either.
Until here, you want to falsely accuse me, and you still dare to quibble
Come
Send Lin Wenwen to Ergou's house for me quickly.
Hurry up and change some money.
Lest he continue to harm our Lin Family Village?
Can't you?